Call revocation endpoint on logout OIDC v0.10.x (#6641)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/security/auth/extauth/oauth/_index.md

        logoutPath: /logout
{{< /highlight >}}

When this URL is accessed, the user session and cookie are deleted. 
The access token on the server is also revoked based on the discovered revocation endpoint. 
You can also override the revocation endpoint through the [DiscoveryOverride field]{{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gloo/api/v1/enterprise/options/extauth/v1/extauth.proto.sk/#discoveryoverride" >}}) in `AuthConfig`.

{{% notice warning %}}

> Gloo currently does not retry to revoke an access token if there is a service error with the authorization server.

Reviewer: I'm wondering what the implications of this are...the access token stays in place/user stays logged in? What can they do to address this?
```suggestion
If the authorization server has a service error, Gloo does not retry revoking the access token and the user stays logged in. Consider configuring your service error message to prompt the user to logout again.
```

Author: Not sure how to properly word this so it's not confusing, but the course of events would be:
1. User tries logging out
2. If there's a service failure we log the failure in ext-auth-service pod with information, and they'll need to manually revoke the token themselves.
3. We continue logging the user out (removing their information from the session etc)

Reviewer: ok how about this? And as discussed in Slack, I can add it to the doc-fixes branch for the week so we can approve this now since it's passing!

> If the authorization server has a service error, Gloo logs out the user, but does not retry revoking the access token. Check the logs and your identity provider for errors, and manually revoke the access token.
